I want to make an app called as healthify. I want features as video consulation in which a doctor will be available and the user can book appointment to that doctor and it should be showing description of the doctor with image and few details also time/date to book appointment. Patient can store their health records at one place like which can be similar to digilocker which store documents i want this feature to store all the records of patient and view it as specific well-defined format. I want a section that shows all the health insurances in india like both government as well as private health insurances which should be keep updated time to time also it should show simple description of each insurance in simple words with direct website link as the patient is rural user so the description should be so simple that makes the user easy to understatnt about the insurnce. Also a hospital locator which uses our location of our device to fetch the nearest hospital to the user with directions and eveyrhting. A symptoms checker which sympotms will be given by the user with text or images both options should be avaialable and ai will analyse it and give the accurate result like what user is facing, reasons, medicines to take and precautions. Also a health assistant (Chat assistant with also voice feature including image importing feature same as chatgpt interface with options having history support everythng) which answer the user regarding their helth related quries. And a news section where the user can see health related news all over the world fetched on time day to day updated time to time by itself. And a prediction system which predicts the user health issues/suggestions based on their health records and the user information. When the user opens the app it should take information like user desired app language, name, age, address, weight, height, and their diseases if they are facing(sugar, bp, etc....) so based on this information it gives suggestions, tips and predictions to the user. I wamnt a section which should be having list of wide range of medicines in it having their name, descroption, dosage, for hat they are user, their form(tablet,syrup,or etc...,) And the app features should be interconnected among all the features so that they give relavent information to user based on their needs and usage hostory. THis whole application should be in multilingual so that user can be used to their local language as same way like when we open some app they ask us language and when we select some language then whole application will be woroking in hinfi witout any transtaion issues so similarly this app should be working in multiple languages as the langugge selected by user at begining of the app when the user first time uses it and get store their details. Make navigation bar into 5 parts(home, video consultency, AI features(including prediction, chat assistant and sympitms checker) Information(News, Medicines, Schemes) and settings to manage profile,app settings).I will provide all reference images for UI design for each section.

Combine all this pics into a single pic based on our project description make all the required edits so that i can have a reference image to give antigravity to give me the desired ui/ux. Instead of real doctor image on front page we will use cartoon image of dector at app starting. And Also add those icons in chat assist ui we can add images and voice feature too. Give the best result. Give me image and also give prompt to describe the UI based on references.

Give me antigravity prompt and also reference ui/ux image. 
Want the best result.